Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ I get everything about you
♪ You make it easy for me
♪ To love you ♪
♪ Your sweet smile
Your bad-boy style ♪
♪ The way your eyes
Just light up ♪
♪ When you look at me ♪
SHIRLEY: So. tell me everything.
It was a dud.
"It" was a dud.
or "he" was a dud?
Both.
He was such a good catch.
HANNAH: Yeah. for someone else.
SHIRLEY: Why?I don't know.
maybe because he talked
about real estate
the entire time.
or his latest trip to Milan.
the new Tesla
he just bought...
SHIRLEY: So he's rich.
You know. for most people.
that would be a bonus.
not a strike.
I appreciate the set-up.
I do.
He's a nice enough guy.
He's just not my person.
Ugh.BRIAN: Who's not your person?
Ah. the realtor.
I told Shirley you'd have
nothing in common with him.
Coming from the self-proclaimed
set-up master that you are?
You know it!
SHIRLEY: Okay. so maybe
it wasn't the best set-up.
It says I burned
over 40 calories.
Ooh. good job. babe!
The couple
that works out together
stays together.
I don't know about that.
but I do know
that being married
to the best chef in town
means working out
is definitely a must.
Are you trying to say
that it's just my cooking
that won your heart?
It wasn't these luscious locks?
[LAUGHS]
Ooh. did you pick a dress yet
for the birthday extravaganza?
[GASPS] You know.
I almost forgot.
Well. you have no idea
what this man has for you
on the menu.
and I have put together
an amazing guest list.
Shutting down
your entire restaurant
to throw me a birthday party
feels a little excessive. no?
No. we told you.
business is great.
Plus. you know how your sister
loves any excuse
to throw a party.HANNAH: I know.
I know. I just wish we could
celebrate me getting younger
versus me getting older.SHIRLEY: Whoa!
What's wrong with getting older?
Because clearly it is cooler.
[LAUGHS]
Fair enough. I'm gonna go get
signed up for the festival.
You guys want to come?No. We're gonna run.
so I will give you that.
Thank you.Sign me up.
Okay. all right.Love you.
Uh. Hannah. eight o'clock.
sharp.
Okay.[LAUGHS]
Hey! Come on. Rusty.
Come on! Good boy.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Thank you so much
for signing up.
I so look forward
to seeing you at the festival.
Okay. fine. Thanks.
Katie. hi!
Hannah!What are you doing here?
Oh. my law firm's
the official sponsor this year.
so I'm running
all the meet-and-greets
for the contestants.
"Face of the Festival."
as you might say.
Wow. That's a great photo.Thanks.
Is registration still open?
Yes. Right over there.
Just log in your name.
division. and contact info.
Thanks.
Bye.Rusty. come on.
PARKER: So. what do you say.
Dad?
GAVIN: I think
it's a great idea.
PARKER: You do?But in a few years.
You got to be at least
12 years old. sweetheart.
Are you sure?Pretty sure.
Says who?The law. kiddo.
You know Mrs. Hanover said
I was the best dogsitter
she ever had.
I know she did.
but kids are a lot different
than dogs.
I'm sorry. kiddo.
but babysitting's out
of the question
until you get
just a little but older.
Gavin McQueen! [CHUCKLES]
Katie. Hi.
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
More like.
what are you doing here?
Thought we'd sign up
for the kite festival.
[RUSTY BARKS]
No. I mean back in town.[RUSTY BARKS]
I thought you were
still in Chicago.
Just moved back.
Is your dog friendly?He is.
and he loves scratches
behind his ear.
[CHUCKLES]
His name is Rusty.
Are you signing up
for the festival?
My dad is.
We just moved here
and he thinks
it's something I'll like.
You just moved here?
That's exciting.
I guess. but I've never flown
a kite before.
so I'm not sure if I'll like it.
You've never flown
a kite before?
Well. in these neck
of the woods.
kite flying is
a kid's rite of passage.
Do you want to try?Really?
Sure. why not?
So right here.
this is your line.
You're gonna make sure
it's nice and taut
and tight. okay?
I'll pull back
while you run.
Uh. Sir? Do you mind...
[LAUGHS] ...watching him?
Thank you.
Okay. You go this way.
All right. you ready?
KATIE: Well. I'm surprised
that your parents
didn't mention that
when I saw them.
When did you see them?
I'm doing the transfer
on the title of the house
for you. silly!
I just didn't know you would
be moving into it so soon.
Yeah. my mom said
they had an attorney.
but she never mentioned
it was you.
Well. now you know.
Always thought you'd make
a good lawyer.
Because I would
always get my own way.
[LAUGHS]PARKER: Dad. over here!
That's my daughter.
I should probably
go get her signed up.
Oh. hey. wait.
Pull out your phone.
Let's exchange numbers.
Phone. Come on.
All right.
There you are and...
I just air-dropped you
my contact info.
Got it.Call me.
Will do.
We should talk business.
pleasure. catch up.
It's been way too long.Yeah. Yeah. it has.
See ya.
Dad. you watching? Over here!
GAVIN: Sure am.HANNAH: Oh!
Oh! [LAUGHS]
That was some
really good flying.
Thanks for letting me try.Of course.
Nice keel.
PARKER: What's a keel?
It's this vertical piece
of sail here.
It's kind of like
the keel on a boat.
It keeps the kite stable.
and there's also a spot
where you can attach
a flying line without a bridle.
I hope it was okay
that I let her fly it.
Of course it was okay!
Thank you.
I'm Hannah. Hannah Adams.Gavin McQueen.
Wait. Like Shirley Adams'
little sister?
Younger sister.
I'm actually an inch
and a half taller than her now.
I never would've recognized you.
Yeah. back then.
I was sporting braces
and glasses.
and the winning combo has a way
of disguising one's looks.
Weren't those glasses
bright pink?
Good memory.
Yeah. and you used to take
music lessons
from my mom. didn't you?
Yeah. that was me. [CHUCKLES]
I am actually
a music teacher myself.
all thanks to your mom.
Uh. she was so inspiring.
I also remember that she made
the best lemonade
I think I have ever had.Still does.
Did you know my dad
is a reigning kite champion?
Oh. he is. is he?According to my father.
I still hold the title
from when I was 16 years old.
I hate to be the bearer
of bad news.
but somebody broke your record.
No.Many years ago.
Who? Who was it
that took my title?
All I remember is
that she was wearing
a stellar pair
of hot-pink glasses.
You?[CHUCKLES] Yupper.
GAVIN: And here I've been
bragging all these years.
never realizing.
Looks like I'm gonna have
to work on my flight skills.
get that title back.Looks like you might.
Okay. I don't want
to keep you two
because registration
is about to close.
and you definitely need
to sign up.
See you around?
Well. if this park
is your kite-training ground.
you definitely will.
I live in the cottage
down the beach.
so keep the music down.
will ya?
I will try.[HANNAH CHUCKLING]
PARKER: Bye. Rusty!
There you go.
Come on. Parks.
Let's get you signed up.
SHIRLEY: So what did he
look like?Older.
Bald?Full head.
Pot belly?Fit.
Short?Still 6'1".
You do know I'm standing
right here. don't you?
It's just inquiring minds
want to know. sweetheart.
you know. what he looks like.
I played hockey with Gavin
for years. Great guy.
Oh. my sexy hockey husband.
Wait. so you guys are friends?Sure. I was friends with him.
Athletic. smart.
a woodworker.
Lost his wife a few years back.
He lost his wife? A widower?Heard that's why he moved back.
You know. to be closer
to family.
[LAUGHS] Oh. uh. excuse me.
Hannah. hey!
You look fabulous.Jim.
What are you doing here?Oh. uh. your sister invited me.
She knows how to throw
a good party.
She certainly does.
Well. thank you so much
for coming.
Well. it's your birthday.
I wouldn't miss it.
Although I would have.
considering
you didn't call me back.
Oh. yeah. I'm sorry about that.Hey. listen. I was thinking.
Uh. I told you
about the new yacht
that I bought?
Maybe you and I could have
a little weekend getaway--HENRY: There's my birthday girl!
Sweetie.Dad. Hi.
Mind if I steal her
for a moment?
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
We'll talk later.
Of course.
Thank you.HENRY: He seems
like a nice fella.
Oh. my gosh.
You sound just like Shirley.
Point taken.
Got something for you.
What is it?
It was your mother's.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Her pendant?
I thought you were saving this
for my first-born.
I just felt like this birthday
was the perfect time
to give it you.
Because you've lost hope
that I'm getting married
and having kids?
Because... I thought
it would look beautiful
around your neck tonight.
and always.
and also...
because I thought
your mother would've wanted
you to have it by now.
Wow. it's...
the most beautiful gift
I've ever received.
Your mom sure would've loved
to be here with you today.
and this way.
a part of her still is.
Hey. I brought my guitar.
and your sister...
set out the piano.
You want to do a song together?
What song?Mom's.
The one she wrote for you?
Please.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Hi. everyone.[ALL APPLAUD. CHEER]
Thank you so much
for coming tonight to celebrate.
It means the world to me.
Or... it means the world
to my sister.
[ALL LAUGH]Joking.
Uh. tonight. my dad and I
are going to perform
a very special song for you.
and we hope you enjoy.
♪ Close my eyes
♪ And fall into your arms ♪
♪ 'Cause I know I'm safe
♪ Where you are
♪ And I'll be yours
♪ This time. I cross my heart ♪
♪ And I'll hold your hand
♪ When life gets hard
♪ You should know
♪ Love is patient ♪
♪ Don't lose hope
♪ My heart's waiting
Yeah... no.
I emptied both suitcases.
plus all my boxes.
Duvet and sheets?Made my bed. and yours.
Game strong.
I want to go explore the beach
and write in my journal.
Hey. You want to try
and fly this?
Looks like one
of Grandpa's custom kites.
Do you think it'll fly?Can't hurt to try.
Plus. I want to get my kite
out on the water. too.
Okay. I'll meet you down there.
Be careful around the water.I know. Dad!
[SIGHS]
Much more my style.
[PIANO PLAYING]
[HANNAH LAUGHS] Yes! Good job.
Great lesson today. Isabelle.ISABELLE: Thanks. Hannah.
HANNAH: We'll see you next week.
Oh. and hey.
don't forget to practice.
I won't. Bye.Bye. Bye.
Rusty?
Rusty!
Where are you. boy?
Do you think
there's enough wind?
Hope so. because.
while you're flying this.
I'm going to be trying to catch
some wind with my own kite.
You hold it and I run.
You sound like a professional
kite flyer already.
Ready? Go!
[LAUGHS] Nice!
Rusty?
Rusty. where are you. boy?
Hey. I know you.
HANNAH: Rusty?
GAVIN: Hey!Hey.
Have you seen--Your dog?
Looks like they might be
a match made in heaven.
Looks like that. [CHUCKLES]
Rusty's a bit
of an escape artist lately.
and lucky for me.
he loves the beach.
so I always know
where to find him.
He's really good at ball.
It's his favorite pastime.
You know. I used to dogsit
my neighbor's dog.
so I could always
watch him for you.
You know. I think
Rusty would love that.
Can we play for a bit longer?
You could stay
for a glass of lemonade.
Won't be as good as my mom's.
but close.
Sure. Why not?
GAVIN: So is your place
just over there?
Yeah. it is.
I heard music
coming from there earlier.
Figured it might be you.
Oh. you did. did you?Mm-hmm.
Well. I will be sure
to keep it down.
No. don't.
It was beautiful.
Reminds me of when I was a kid.
My mom was always playing
and singing in the house.
So how does it feel to be back?
Pretty good. except
for a couple
of decorating dilemmas.
Oh! [LAUGHS]
Hey. how would you rate
your artistic eye?
Depends on the project.
I've got this piece of art.
can't figure out where it fits.
Thought maybe
a woman's perspective
might help.
Well. let's see this piece
of art. [CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS] It's not really working.That's what I thought.
Kitchen?
Okay.
Hmm...
Maybe the dining room?
Yeah.Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Where did it come from. anyways?A fundraiser.
I hope it was for a good cause.It was.
Hmm.
My woodworking shop.Yes. Let's try it.
And it still doesn't work.[LAUGHS] No.
I'm determined. It will find
its home eventually...
which might just be
through donation.
Wait. you're not going
to sell it?
It looks expensive.
No. I'm not really
a material things type of guy.
Could care less
if I get something for it.
Wait. Are you making this?
Yeah. It's a tetrahedral.
A tetra-what?A tetrahedral kite.
It's a pyramid kite
with different tiers.
Ah. got it.
Yeah. My dad made me one
when I was a kid.
Figured I'd give it a go.
What talent.
Kind of runs in the family
as a hobby.
My dad was a kite builder--
Is a kite builder
and taught me when I was a kid.
It's likely what inspired me
to become a woodworker.
you know. crafting
and building things
from scratch.
Are these yours. too?Yep.
This one here
is a reclaimed piece
of Douglas fir.
Wow.I'm turning it into shutters
for a friend of mine.
It's so gorgeous.
You know. my sister
and brother-in-law
are looking for a long
reclaimed-wood table
for their restaurant.
and it's their ten-year
wedding anniversary coming up.
so maybe I could commission one
from you as a surprise for them?
Absolutely.
I'll just need
measurements of the place
but I'd be more than happy to.
Oh! Great.
Wow. This house
is still so beautiful.
It was certainly
my mom's dream house
when my dad built it.[HANNAH CHUCKLES]
I feel pretty lucky
it's mine now.
and hopefully one day.
it will be Parker's. too.
That's really sweet.
Yeah. I just feel like
we're gonna be
unpacking forever.
I never realized
we had so much stuff.
Well. do you want some help?
Sure!Mm-hmm.
[LAUGHS]
So... a music teacher.Yeah.
Children?No.
I mean. someday. I hope. but...
I meant. do you teach children?
Oh. right. [LAUGHS]
[CHUCKLES]Um. yes. I do.
I teach just kids.Okay. [CHUCKLES]
Is this Parker's mom?
Yeah.
Yeah. that's her.
She. uh... she passed
a few years ago.
I'm sorry.
She's really beautiful.
Parker looks a lot like her.
Spitting image.
I bet that was really hard.
It was.
But it's getting easier now.
Finally. it feels like
things are starting
to go back to normal.
which I never thought
was possible.
Yeah. I bet.
Her not being with us anymore.
the change it brought.
it really taught Parker and I
to be happy
and thankful for the present.
Letting go of love is hard.
but...
but I can only hope that...
it will find its way back
one day.
Very philosophical. I know.
There's just... [LAUGHS]
...things that run
through my head.
Well. if you need help
with Parker ever...
I am totally here to help.
Well. I was thinking.
when you said
that you teach music lessons...
well. Parker's been doing
these online singing
and dance videos.
Oh. I know the ones.
Yeah. and she's obsessed
with them.
Anyway. I thought...
it would be wise to harness
that talent.
get her off the iPad.
and into some music lessons.
Maybe we could barter
for the table?
Yeah. Although.
I feel like I might be getting
the better end of the bargain.
considering she's my new
go-to puppy-sitter.
So is that a yes?
Absolutely.
She was right.
Your lemonade is the best. Nana.
MARGARET: Oh. so who is
this "she" you're referring to?
Hannah Adams.
She said to say hi.
Hannah Adams? So talented.
At flying kites?MARGARET: Well. that too!
But I meant music.
She moved next door.
didn't she?
Seems so.Is she married?
I don't think so.Oh. Still pretty?
Didn't notice.
She's very pretty. Nana.
and a super-good kite flyer.
and she has a dog named Rusty
that she's letting me dogsit.
Well. that sounds like
a winning combination.
just like
my smart granddaughter.
So how'd you meet?
Actually. it was down
at the kite festival
registration.
and then she came over
after her dog wandered
over onto the beach.
So a little visit?GAVIN: Yeah.
I guess you could call it that.
Want me to go get Dad?Yeah. please.
Otherwise he'll be back there
building all day.
if you let him.Yeah.
Nana. could you teach me
how to make your lemonade?
I would love to.
Wow. What's this
we've got here?
[CHUCKLES] "Ulysses."
single-line Delta.
A single-line Delta?Yeah.
It'll increase the stability
over a better wind range
at the expense of a few degrees
of flying angle.
Anyway. I got it started
for you.
Thanks. Dad.
[CHUCKLES. SIGHS]
I love this shop.
I take it that's why
you wanted me to buy the house
from you?
Well. maybe.
You know I couldn't live
without it.
But I am so glad
that you and I are back here
building kites together again.
The woodworking shop
will always be yours. Dad.
Come work in here
whenever you want.
Aw. thanks. pal.
And-- And by the way.
where did you dig up
that old chestnut?
Found that
when we were unpacking.
Oh. boy.
That's one of my first. I think.
Where'd you find it?
It was in the chest
up in the attic.
I think your mother
probably packed it away.
You know. I lose
a lot of stuff that way.
I'm still looking for
a tennis racquet.
GAVIN: So I learned
something interesting
the other day.
Oh? What's that?
You've been telling me
all these years
that I was the reigning
kite champ
when. in fact. I lost that title
a long time ago.
You were so proud
of that title. Gav.
I-- I just didn't want to be
the one to let you know.
Fair enough.
And by the looks
of the kite you're building.
I'm gonna do well this year.
So you think that's your kite?
No. no. my son.
The days of your dear old dad
building your prize-winning kite
are long gone.
That will be
my granddaughter's kite.
Parker's gonna love it.Hope so.
Come on.
Let's go get some lunch.
MARGARET Oh. I almost forgot.
Did Katie Longhorn
get in touch with you
about the transfer of the house?
GAVIN: She did.
and you didn't think to tell me
she was the lawyer you hired?
Is it a problem?GAVIN: No. It's just...
well. you know we used to date.
I did. I also remember
that you broke up.
PARKER: She was your girlfriend?
A long time ago. Parks.
when I was in high school.
She had
a very strong personality.
It didn't sit well
with your father.
Or with you. as I recall. Mom.
Well. I just didn't think
she was good for you. is all.
but as a lawyer.
she's fantastic.
I'll go and get it all done
tomorrow. before I start work.
Nana. Grandpa. guess what?
What's up. sport?Tomorrow. when Dad's at work.
I get to go to Hannah's house
for my music lesson.
and I get to babysit Rusty.
GAVIN: I signed Parker up
for some music lessons
with Hannah.
And she also offered
to watch her for a few hours
while I work. too.Well. isn't that nice of her?
Yeah.
She's here![HANNAH CHUCKLES]
You ready for an adventure?Always.
What time should I come
and pick her up?
I can bring her back.
Just get what you need
to get done here.
and there's honestly no rush.
All right.
You have fun. you two.
Oh. we will.PARKER: Love you. Dad!
Love you. too. kiddo!
You're gonna teach him
how to walk on his hind legs?
Right after I teach him to sit
and stay.
Okay. well. good luck.
As you saw the other day.
he's a little headstrong.
so if you can't get him
to do anything.
don't feel too bad.Are you headstrong?
I'll be inside
if you need me. okay?
Okay.
What a terrific kid she is.
Are you teaching her
music later?
Yeah. She's pretty excited.
What about her dad?
Shirley.What? He's a widower.
He is single.
He is ready to mingle.
Considering the fact
you haven't seen him yet.
how do you know
he's ready to mingle?
Uh. Brian. hello.Brian?
Call it a gut instinct.
but I just have a hunch.
remembering his personality.
and knowing you...
Come on.
Are you trying to say
that my husband is not
a love guru?
An amazing chef. yes. Love guru?
I have my doubts.
Neil and Remi Soofi.
What about them?
He met them separately.
introduced them.
and they have been married
for five years.
Heather and Mike Kam.
So creative together.
and he called that one.
Yeah. Uh.
Troy and Shannon Scott.
[SIGHS] The finest love story
of them all.
and he had a gut instinct
about that. too.
Shall I keep going?No. I get it.
Listen. I see that you are
a better matchmaker
than my sister--
Stop it.
And I know that you both
are desperate
for me to find my person.
but the truth is.
is I'm actually really content
and happy being single.
and besides.
there's a lot of perks
that people don't talk about.
Such as?Such as...
reality TV. my guilty pleasure.
I don't have to feel
embarrassed about.
We're not talking
about marriage.
Yet.
We're talking about dinner.
just getting to know
each other casually.
but maybe here.
so we can meet him.
Look. I really appreciate
the input.
and I assure you
that I am going to ponder
this conversation-slash-proposal
with deep consideration.
Mm-hmm.
Wait. How big would you say
this space is?
Uh...Mm. not sure.
Is that where you wanted to put
the new table?
It's so hard to find something
that fits in this space.
but yeah.
So the search continues.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Excuse me?
I'm looking for Katie Longhorn.
KATIE: Gavin!
Hey! Fancy office.Oh. you know me.
I thought you said
this was a small practice.
Ah. the word "small"
is relative.
Fair enough.KATIE: Have a seat.
Your parents
have already signed.
so all I need is your signature.
and once I have that.
I can get everything filed.
Thank you for doing this.Pro bono. by the way.
No. No. you don't need
to do that.
Your parents said
the same thing.
but I can't take any money
from your family.
It just wouldn't feel right.But--
You and your parents could
take me out to dinner instead.
Dinner? With my parents?
Well. there's this great place
that just opened up
down the block.
I became friends
with the maître d'.
I'm sure I could get us a table.
Okay. Yeah. I'll check
with my parents.
see if they're free.
PARKER: Dad. we're home!I'm in the shop. kiddo!
I'm gonna bring Rusty inside.
Okay. Have fun!PARKER: Go get it. boy!
[KNOCKS]Knock. knock.
Hey there.
Parker is home safe. alive.
and musically inspired.
and she's en route to becoming
a very talented dog trainer.
Sounds like my kid.
Wait. Are all of these
your dad's drawings?
Yep.So cool.
Wait. This is the spool
you're gonna use?
It's very classic.
Yeah. We're going to put it
on this kite
that my dad and I
built for Parker.
You know. you might just have
to give me
a kite-building course.
You've never built
a kite before?
You say that
like I should have.
Well. being a kite champ
and all...
Fair enough. but nope.
always just a store-bought one.
which has always worked.
mind you.
Do you have a certain style
of kite you like?
One with a keel.Right.
It was pretty cool seeing you
out on the water the other day.
Thanks. Yeah. windsurfing.
and now winging.
kind of like a grown-up man's
way of flying a kite.
Yeah. I guess it kind of is.
GAVIN: Nothing like the feeling
of the wind in your hair. huh?
No. there isn't.
It's actually why
I like flying kites.
It's like I'm up there
in the air with them.
It's the best feeling ever.I can relate.
So did you get a chance
to scope out the joint.
get those measurements?
I did. actually.
On a napkin?
It was all they had.
Is that. um...A six.
Okay.
And what's that there?
Is that a--
It's a-- That's a--
It's 12. I think.Yeah?
Clearly.
you're not an architect.
Hey. I only claim to know
about music.
So any big plans
for the weekend?
Not really.
aside from hitting up
the local blueberry patch
to do some picking.
Blueberry patch?Mm-hmm. It's the best.
Any chance you'd be interested
in a little company?
Uh. yeah.
That would be fun.
Like that. You got it!
Lavender for you. my dear.
Why. thank you.
And lavender for you. my dear.Thank you.
Blueberry. please.Lychee.
And I think I'll go with peach.
Up. up. side. up. down.
Get down.
And then cut.
You're good at this!
Good job! High five! Whoo!
PARKER: Mm. it's so good.Yeah.
HANNAH: Delicious.
Blueberry pie.Blueberry frozen yogurt.
HANNAH: Hmm.
Fresh blueberry sparkling cider.
I don't think I've ever tasted
anything like it.
[CHUCKLES]
Every summer.
I used to come here with my mom.
and this sparkling cider
was her favorite.
You've been coming here
since you were a kid?
Mm-hmm. roughly about your age.
Do you and your mom still come?
Uh. no.
We don't.
Sadly. my mom left us
when I was a little girl.
Where did she go?
Heaven.Just like my mom.
Thanks for bringing us
to your special spot. Hannah.
Oh. you are so welcome. Parker.
HANNAH: So that's nice
of your parents. to take Parker.
We finally we live
close enough to do sleepovers.
my mom's dream.
Sorry about your flat.
I haven't had one of these
since I was a boy.
[LAUGHS]
Also. I don't think
I've walked along this road
with a pretty girl
since then either.
Which. I am guessing.
was Katie?
Nope. never with Katie.
although we did date
in high school.
I guess
you already knew that.
Yeah. I remember her
stopping by the house
a few times
when I was there
taking piano lessons.
That was a long time ago.It was.
So what about you?
What about me?Boyfriend?
Not currently.
I was in a serious relationship.
and that ended two years ago.
What happened?
Well... we fell in love.Oh.
And I thought that
he might be the one. but...
And?
Turns out he wasn't.
Right.I don't know. We just--
We wanted two different things
out of life.
He wanted to go to New York
and explore. and...
I wanted to stay here
and be close to my family.
There's nothing quite like
having family close by.
Exactly. So he moved
to New York.
I stayed here. We tried
the long-distance thing. but...
ultimately. it didn't work.That's too bad.
No. honestly.
it was for the best.
Because I'm happy.
really happy.
and that's all
one could hope for. right?
Isn't that the truth?
So do you have any plans?
I don't know. I'm just taking
life as it comes right now.
I meant with dinner.
Do you have any?
Oh... [LAUGHS] Right.
Uh. well. like I told you.
I'm really busy.
Mm.Yeah.
popping frozen pizzas
into the oven tonight.
With pineapple?You know it.
Well. there's somewhere in town
that serves wood-fire-oven pizza
with pineapple.
Want to join me for a bite?Well. that depends.
Do I get a drink with my meal?
Only if you eat everything
on your plate first.
I know just the place.
See you in 20.
Wow.What?
You look... nice. Really nice.
Thanks.
To the chariot. Madame?
If you mean your flatbed truck
is my chariot.
then of course.
GAVIN: I wanted to get Parker
used to the water
as soon as possible...
Mm-hmm....so I was looking online
for swimming lessons
for babies.
I guess
is what I was Googling.
And have you seen those videos
with-- They're. like.
they're not even one year old.
and they're just... [WHOOSHES][LAUGHS] I haven't.
...in the water?That's really cute. though.
Brian!Well. well!
If it isn't
the infamous Gavin McQueen!
Good to see you. man.You too.
Looking as dapper as I remember.
Why. thank you.SHIRLEY: I don't think it's hard
to look dapper when you've got
a date like that on your arm.
Thank you.
Good to see you. Shirley.
What a great spot
you two have here.
Wait until you try the food.
Table for two? Right this way.
Oh. thank you.
[HANNAH CHUCKLING]
So over there's where you think
they want the table?
Mm-hmm.
And when did you say
their anniversary was again?
Same day as the kite festival.
They got married
at one of the kite festivals?
Yeah. Locals at their finest.I'd say.
So? How was everything?Oh. so good.
You outdid yourself. Brian.
And to think you haven't
even had dessert yet.
[CHUCKLES]So...
are you guys gonna shake a leg?Uh. I'm not much of a dancer.
You know that.Yeah. so says everyone.
Come on. Gav.
ask the lady already.
I mean. he does own the joint.
I think we better listen to him.
♪ We always wanted more
[LAUGHS] Oh. wow.
I mean. if your kite flying
is as good as your dance moves.
I might just have
some real competition this year.
You just might. [LAUGHS][LAUGHS]
♪ I wish we'd met before ♪
I think you still got it!
Except back in our dancing days.
you wore sneakers
instead of dress shoes.
That's true.
I didn't know
you two knew each other.
Yeah. We're neighbors.
actually.
Oh.Did you have dinner here?
I did. and the food is
to die for.
Brian is certainly
the best chef in town.
He sure is.
Well. sorry to interrupt.
I just wanted to say hi
and remind you to call me.
You still owe me that date.I didn't forget.
and I promise
I'll give you a shout
as soon as I chat
with my parents.
and we can set up a time.
Okay.
Well. have a good evening. Bye.
SHIRLEY: I don't think you have anything to worry about.
I don't remember them having
anything in common
in high school.
and I'm sure
it's the same now.
It's none of my business.
really.
She is so gorgeous. though.
You cannot deny that.
Oh. but so are you.
But she is successful
and single. as are you.
I just think you might have
to step up your game a bit.
Except I'm not playing
any games.
Brian is so much better at this.
I'm gonna get his advice.
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]GAVIN: Anyone home?
SHIRLEY: Hey!HANNAH: Hi.
Come in. Uh. bring her--
Come on in.
Hey. Rusty! Did you miss me?
[CHUCKLES] Oh. he sure did.
I'm going to get going.
but you have
a great piano lesson. Parker.
and good to see you. Gavin.
GAVIN: You too. Shirley.
We weren't interrupting.
were we?
No. no. Shirley's just being
Shirley.
meddling in my life.
What was the meddling?Oh. we were just--
we were just talking
about some stuff.
Oh.Anyways...
Parker. if you'd like.
you can take a seat here.
and you can check out
some of the notes
that I made for you.
Back soon. [SMOOCHES]
So I'm just gonna head over
to Katie's office
and meet my parents.
We're all gonna go out
for a quick bite.
Cool. Have a nice visit.
It's just a meeting. really.
Well. I'll be sure
to keep Parker busy.
so you don't have to worry
about that.
Thanks again.Of course.
Good job. Parker.
Hey. do you want
to write a song?
Like my own song?
Sure. why not?
Do you have anything
in that journal there?
That'd be the words
to the music we make?
You see. lyrics...
are kind of like short stories.
or poems. or journal entries.
and some of the best songs.
it's like a glimpse
into the musician's mind.
That's what Taylor Swift says.
[LAUGHS]
Hey. what's this one?
"Best Friends"?
Oh. I wrote that one
about my best friend.
I actually have
a tune in my head.
if you want me
to sing that for you.
[CHUCKLES] I would love that.
♪ You help me laugh
You dry my tears ♪
♪ Because of you
I have no fears ♪
♪ True friends are there ♪
♪ To get you through
Tough times that come ♪
♪ That don't seem fair ♪
That is so good. So good.
Hey. I have an idea
for the chorus.
Let me know if you like this.
♪ One. four. three. four Three. two... ♪
♪ I will always love you ♪
I love that.Do you?
Okay. Why don't we--
You want to try?
Sure.Okay.
♪ One. four. three
Four. three. two ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
GAVIN: Excuse me. I'm here to see Katie Longhorn.
All right. Thank you.
Hey. Are my parents here yet?
They can't make it.Really?
I just spoke to them
this morning.
I spoke to your mom
about an hour ago.
She said that
they were gonna be late.
so I suggested
you and I go solo.
I probably haven't had a chance
to properly catch up.
Oh. Okay.
Should we get going then?Sure.
[KATIE CHUCKLES]
Oh. such memories.
We really did have a fun time.
didn't we?
Yeah. we did.
Should we get the check?Already? We just finished.
The least you could do
is treat me to some dessert.
I really should tuck Parker in
before she falls asleep.
Isn't she nine?Just turned.
Kind of old enough
to tuck herself in.
don't you think?
Clearly. you don't have kids.
Obviously by choice.
Don't like them?I never said that.
It's just after spending
some time
with my friends' children.
I notice a common theme.
What's that?
Just that kids could
take advantage of their parents.
Maybe older teens. yeah.
but not Parker.
She and I are just... tight.
Of course you are.
I mean. she's been through
a lot these last few years...
and I'm all she has now
in the parent department.
Well. she sounds like
a phenomenal little girl. Gavin.
and you need not
worry about that.
She is the perfect type
for one to want
as a stepdaughter.
Stepdaughter?Well. I'm just saying--
You're young.
still handsome. obviously...
[CHUCKLES]
...and one day. a woman's
just gonna snap you up.
and voila. a stepmom
for your daughter.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
I never really thought
about that before.
But. you know.
you should really try to put
your wants and needs first.
because. if you're happy.
then your daughter's happy.
Isn't that what they say?
There we go.
Get your feet under there.
Oh. here. Do you want to get him
all tucked in next to you?
Have you ever been married?
Uh... no.Why?
Perhaps. I just haven't found
the right person yet.
My dad says that love comes
in different shapes and sizes.
and comes to different people
at different times.
and sometimes
when you're least expecting it.
Your dad is a very smart man.
He also says that there are
no perfect partnerships
or families.
that every family's
unique and special
in different ways.That's right.
Do you ever get lonely. though.
living by yourself?
Sometimes.
I hope you meet
the right partner. Hannah.
because whichever family
that gets to have you with them
all the time
would be really lucky.
Thanks. Parker.
Oh. and don't forget to--I won't forget.
I will make sure your dad
tucks you in before bed. okay?
Okay.
Night-night. Hannah!
Goodnight. Parker.
[KEYS JANGLING]
Shh.
[CHUCKLES]
You looked so cozy.
I didn't want to wake you.
What time is it?Later than I hoped to be home.
It's fine. Your couch
is really comfy.
I really appreciate
you watching Parker.
Are you kidding me?
I should be thanking her
for watching me.
She's such a sweet
and thoughtful girl.
It's really good for the soul.
So how was your date?It wasn't a date.
Taking a woman to dinner
would be considered...
Okay. fair enough.
but I only did it as a thank-you
because she wouldn't take
payment for the work she did.
It really wasn't a date.It's really none of my business.
I shouldn't have asked.No. it's okay.
But it wasn't a date.
So how was music class?
Really great.
Parker seems to really be
enjoying it.
Each week. she just keeps
making more and more progress.
and today. we wrote
an original song.
Really?Mm-hmm.
Wow.
Well. we should get home.
Oh! Parker made me swear
to remind you to go tuck her in.
I won't forget.
Oh. Hannah?
Do you think it's weird
I still tuck Parker in?
Weird?Yeah.
No. She's just a little girl.
and you're her dad.
her only parent.
How on Earth
could that be weird?
Yeah. I don't think so either.
I just wanted
your perspective is all.
Oh. and I meant to ask you.
do you want to join me tomorrow
to go hunting for some materials
for Shirley and Brian's table?
Kite festival
is just around the corner.
and I've got a lead
on some wood.
Yeah. I'd love to.
Great.
Goodnight.
Night.
Rusty. come on.
[DOOR OPENS]
Dad?
Can we do
our night-time prayers?
Of course. honey.
Now I lay me down to sleep.
I pray the Lord
my soul to keep.
may God guard me
through the night.
and wake me
with the morning light.
God bless Daddy. Nana. Grandpa.
Rusty. and Hannah.
who I really. really like.
Do you ever think
our family will change?
What do you mean?Well...
Well. first you had Mommy
before you had me.
and then you had Mommy and me.
and now you just have me.
Best little girl
in the whole world.
so I'm happy for that.I know.
but if there was someone new
to be a part of our family.
well. I'd be happy
with that. too.
Good to know. [CHUCKLES]
Get some sleep. kiddo.
I love you.I love you. too.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
HANNAH: So how do you know her
again?
Betty Anne and my mom
have been friends
since I can remember.
Gavin. is that you?In the flesh. How are you?
Oh. much better now
that I'm seeing your face. Oh!
And this is?
This is Hannah Adams.
Hannah meet Betty Anne.
Hi.
You wouldn't be Henry Adams'
daughter. would you?
I sure am.
Your father and I are old pals.
Tell him I say hi. would you?
I definitely will.BETTY ANNE: Oh.
You know.
I've known this boy
since he was yea high--
The cutest little fella
you ever did see.
and you still are!Stop. You're making me blush.
So your mom tells me something
about you wanting to make use
of my old things?
Yeah. What do you have?
Well. we have a garage
full of antiques. wood. junk.
we're just looking to unload.
Just too much stuff.
Anyhow. can go on in.
take a look.
and help yourself
to anything that might suit you.
All right. Thank you.Yeah.
Thank you.
[SIGHS]
[GASPS] She wasn't kidding.
This is a lot of stuff.
Yes. it is.
[HANNAH SIGHS]
We've got a paddle.
[LAUGHS]
A really dusty basketball.
What about this?
Yeah. I think that's. uh...
A really small table?...not gonna work. Yeah.
Look at this.
A vintage kite-building book.
"Vintage" is right.
That is old.
It is.
I have never seen
kites like this.
It's like a piece of art.
That one there's
a Hunting Hawk-style kite.
From the start to finish.
probably took
15 to 20 days to craft.
Wow.Made from bamboo and silk.
Yeah. everything's hand-painted.[SCOFFS]
I love this quote.
"The most important thing
in kite-making
is achieving balance.
as it is with human beings.
It is believed
that if the kite is built
for someone
that holds your heart..."
"Then the kite will soar
like the love
which fostered its creation."
Should we see
what else is in here?
[CHUCKLES]
How do I look?
Oh. very dapper!
[MIMICS BRITISH ACCENT]
My fair lady.
may I have this dance?
[CHUCKLES][CHUCKLES]
Do you think the spider
on the top of your hat
would like to dance on its own?
Wait. are you kidding?I was joking! [CHUCKLES]
That's not funny.It kind of is.
Okay. it's kind of--
It's kind of funny.
Oh. wow.
Look at what we have here.
Is this our new table?
A grand fir. It's perfect.
HANNAH: So how'd you get
into this?
GAVIN: Hunting barns?
No. making furniture
out of recycled wood.
Well...
I spent most of my childhood
in a woodworking shop.
watching my father in awe.
building new creation
after new creation.
That was the beginning.I can imagine.
And then I went
to Parson's School of Design.
I remember every day.
on the way to school.
seeing this homeless man.
I mean. he never asked me
for money or anything.
He just wanted my feedback
on his new piece every week.
you know. pieces of wood
that would start out
as one thing
and then end up another.
you know. like
a crummy old side chair.
Yeah. and I remember
looking at his stuff
and wondering what he could
possibly make from that.
Another chair?
Yeah. you'd think. but no.
He'd hand-carve the wood
from an entire table
into this...
Ah! It's impossible to describe.
but just trust me.
it was the most awesome piece
of recycled wood art
I'd ever seen.
And then he would sell them?
Oh. yeah.
For quite a lot. too.
Turns out he wasn't homeless
after all. but...
the guy actually rented
a pretty spectacular apartment
above where he worked.
He just liked working
on the streets.
I realized then
that I'd made an assumption.
and that taught me that nothing
is what it seems.
artifacts. slabs of wood...
even people.
You know. everything
and everyone
is just waiting
to become something more...
waiting for an invitation
into that new adventure.
[PHONE BUZZING]
You should probably get that.Yeah. probably.
My mom... or Parker.
Hello?I'm not interrupting. am I?
Actually. I am just
in the middle of--
KATIE: I just want to thank you
again for the meal. Oh. it was my pleasure.
Also. I have the receipt
for the sale.
Should I drop it off. or--
No. it's fine. I'll just come by
and grab it this week.
The connection's spotty.
Are you in your shop?
No. actually.
I'm just out grabbing some wood
for a gift I'm making.
Who's the gift for?
Or is that a surprise?
Oh. it's for Hannah.
Well. it's...
from Hannah for someone else.
Hannah? Right.
Well. that's nice of you.
Again. thanks for all your help.
Sure. Talk soon.
Bye.
Is everything okay?Yeah. everything's fine.
You want to get going?
Yeah.All right.
SHIRLEY: Thanks for the company.
Brian was so eager at first.
but I don't know what happened.
Well. I'm happy to be
your new workout buddy.
but I cannot guarantee
that it's gonna last longer
than a week either.
[LAUGHS]Hey.
I know you know this.
but that Katie Longhorn
is a very persistent person.
and if she is chasing Gavin.
she is not gonna quit
until she gets a clear message.
Well. good thing
I'm not chasing him. right?
And if she is. I mean.
all the power to her.
All I'm saying is.
that until you hear otherwise.
trust your intuition.
Trust my intuition
until I hear otherwise.
Got it.
Oh. hey. What about that?
A suit?
Tenth year anniversary.
Maybe something fancy?
After the argyle sweater
I bought him last year.
he told me I'm never allowed
to shop for him again.
I can't believe
it's already been ten years.
It feels just like yesterday.I know.
Have you guys made
any plans yet?
I think we're just
gonna celebrate
at the kite festival party.
I mean. everyone we love's
going to be there anyways.
and we got married there.
after all.
I think that's perfect.
Hey. I'm going to grab a tea.
Do you want one?
No. I should probably
get to the grocery store
before it closes.
But call me later?
Yeah.Okay.
'Kay. Bye.Bye.
Hannah.Katie. Hi.
I needed
a caffeine pick-me-up.
It's been an exhausting day
at the office.
I was just about
to grab one myself.
So. are you excited
about the kite festival
this week?
[CHUCKLES] Always.
You know. it's something
I just never really got into.
but being the face
of the festival.
I figured this year. I might.
Well. it might sound silly.
but flying a kite
is really therapeutic.
You know. being in control
of something
that's taken flight.
It's also a lot of fun.
I'm sure Gavin and his daughter
will be participating.
Yeah. I think they are.
So Gavin tells me
you've been babysitting for him.
"Babysitting"?Well. babysitting. nannying.
I really can't tell
the difference between the two.
I take it you've been
a nanny before?
Oh. no.
I'm actually a music teacher.
For children.Yeah.
Oh! Well. see?
You have "perfect nanny"
written all over you.
something I'm sure
he needs right now.
Well. I just wanted
to thank you again
for watching Parker.Mm-hmm.
Gavin and I
really appreciate it.
It's great running into you.
Yeah. you-- You too.
[SIGHS]
[CLEARS THROAT]
What do you think?
It's perfect. Dad.
[CHUCKLES]
Looks like you've been
a pretty busy guy.
Custom table?
Sure is.
Been working on it
in the evenings
after Parker falls asleep.Uh-huh. and this?
A little light reading
on the side?
[LAUGHS] That's a vintage
kite-building book
I found with Hannah.
I'm thinking I might
give one of these a go.
You're quite the craftsman. Gav.
I'm really looking forward
to seeing the end result.
Come on.
Let's go and. uh.
surprise our girl. hmm?
No peeking.I'm not. Nana.
Okay. you can open.
JOHN: Ta-dah!Is that for me?
It sure is. Your dad and
I made it
so that you could fly it
in the festival this year.
A "Ulysses"
single-line Delta kite.
Grandpa's specialty.JOHN: And...
it has an extra-strong
anti-tangle line
that makes getting
the kite in the air.
and recovery from crashes.
a breeze.
[CHUCKLES]
I love it. Grandpa. Thank you!You're welcome. Pumpkin.
I have to go to Hannah's house
now for my music lesson.
but can we fly it later?We sure can.
Sweetheart. why don't you see
if Hannah
might come over
and say hello?
I haven't seen her in years.PARKER: I will. Nana.
Helmet!I know. Dad!
So. how is Hannah?
She and Parker
have become really close.
as you can see.And you?
Have you two become
really close?
Margaret. let the boy
have some privacy.
I'm just asking.GAVIN: We have. Mom.
She's a really special person.
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
I think I smell a record deal
coming on.
You're being silly.
No. I'm being serious.
You are so good.
Hard work pays off.
So my grandpa made me a kite
with my dad.
but I think
it was mostly my grandpa.
[CHUCKLES] What a gift.
Are you gonna fly it
at the festival?
I am. Want to come see it?
I do. but I was actually
just about to walk Rusty.
You can walk him
over to my house.
My Nana told me
to invite you over. too.
Do you think she'll make
some of her famous lemonade?
She always does.[CHUCKLES]
PARKER: We're back!
Did she get a flat tire. too?
[CHUCKLES] No. she insisted
on walking Rusty.
so I wheeled it in.
I'm gonna go train
with Rusty.
Okay.
Hannah Adams!
Get over here for a hug!
It's so nice to see you.
Mrs. McQueen.
Listen. you're not
my student anymore.
Call me Margaret.
Gosh. I've missed you.
I've missed you.[LAUGHS]
So. my granddaughter tells me
that you've been teaching her
how to write songs.
I have. [LAUGHS]
And I think it's safe to say
that she takes after
a certain someone.
That means a lot.
[CHUCKLES] Lemonade?You read my mind.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
So how's things?
HANNAH: Things are actually
really great.
You know. I've just
been keeping busy.
With my son and granddaughter.
I hear.
Uh. yeah. I guess--
I guess I have.
Mm-hmm. And babysitting?
Yeah. I love spending time
with Parker.
No. I meant that you've been
letting Parker babysit Rusty.
Oh. right.
Yes. I have. as you can tell.
Stay. Stay.
[BOTH LAUGH]PARKER: Good boy. Rusty.
Knock. knock!
Hello?
Yoo-hoo![WOMEN CHUCKLING]
Perhaps. you'd like
to join us for dinner?
I thought we might just
order in.KATIE: Gavin? Gavin!
Ooh. Gavin!Katie!
Mr. and Mrs. McQueen.
What a nice surprise!
I'm so sorry to barge in.
I was just in the neighborhood
and wanted to stop by.
but also...
I have the title to the house.
I thought I was coming by
to pick that up.
Don't be silly.
You're practically family.
And who makes family
run around picking things up?
MARGARET:
Well. that's very kind of you.
Thank you again.
I also brought some pizza.
I got two so there's enough
for everyone.
GAVIN: You really didn't
have to do that. Katie.
Really.
I thought it was appropriate.
since you did take me out
to that very fancy dinner
the other night.
I got him to bark on command!
HANNAH: You did?Yeah. Speak. Rusty. Speak.
[BARKS]Nice job. Parks.
Oh. you must be Parker?
Hi.KATIE: Hi!
You know. your father spent
the entire evening
talking about you
the other night.
so much that I feel like
I know you.
So I saw this
and thought it would make
the perfect gift.
Go ahead and open it up.
Because what girl doesn't need
a little pizzazz in her life?
Thank you.It has sparkle. just like you.
Just gonna sneak a peek at...John.
Oh. that smells good.
Uh. well. I think
I'm actually gonna head home.
but it was so lovely
seeing all of you.
And Parker.
your kite has "champion flyer"
written all over it.
But... why don't you stay
and join us for dinner?
Please. Hannah. Do.Please. Hannah. please?
HANNAH: Honestly. I think
I really have to get home.
but it was really nice
seeing you again
and I hope you guys
have a nice evening.
Rusty. come on.
[SIGHS]
When I saw her in town.
she referred to me
as Parker's babysitter.
I think that constitutes
as "hearing otherwise."
SHIRLEY: I think you need
to go back over there.
and tell him how you feel.
This has gone on long enough. Are you sure?
Isn't that a bit forward?
After everything
you've told me?
No. it's called being an adult.
and putting your heart
and your truth out there.
JOHN: It's been great.
Thanks very much for everything.
Yeah. Thanks for coming.
See you soon.
You know. I've never given
advice to you...
No. you haven't.
Probably because
you've never needed it.
And now I do?
You just have to be honest
with yourself. Gavin.
Sometimes. the painting
just doesn't match the wall.
and just because it's familiar.
it doesn't make it
match any better.
Sometimes. you just need
to be honest with yourself
and those around you.
Just so you can fully move on.
What are you trying to say. Mom?
Oh. I think you know.
All right.
See ya.Have a good night.
JOHN: Goodnight!Goodnight. Dad.
[ENGINE REVS]
Perfect!
Uh. I tried that spot before.
Doesn't quite fit.
Really? I think
it matches perfectly.
Mm. It's just not my style.
But that's a Jasper Keating!
You know that's
worth a fortune. right?
Do you want it?Want it?
Consider it packed in my car!
[LAUGHS]
So...[SIGHS]
...how about a nightcap?Can't.
I've got some work
I need to get done.
Oh. come on.
Just one cup of tea.
I'm kind on a deadline. so.
Honestly. Gavin.
you should know by now
I never take "no"
for an answer.
[SIGHS]
So you have everything?Everything I came with...
but not everything
I came to catch.
[POT CRASHES]
Did you hear that?No.
[CHUCKLES] Hannah?
HANNAH: Hi!Hey.
Um. I w-- Was just. uh.
checking to see
if Rusty came over here?He got out?
Well. here. I'll come
help you look for him.
No. no. no. Uh. it's okay.
I'm sure he just circled
back home.
Do you want to come in?
Uh. no.
Everything okay out there?
Yeah. everything's fine!
Please. come in.
I lied. Rusty didn't get out.
Okay. the reason I'm over here
is because I needed to tell you
that I--
I like you. Gavin.
You do?
I do. But now I'm realizing
that I should've read
the writing on the wall.
or even listened to Katie.
And I'm-- I'm just.
I'm really sorry
that I've interrupted
your night.
What are you talking about?
Just forget that I came
over here
and forget that I said anything.
please. Okay?
Hannah. wait.
I really-- I've really got
to go home.
I've got ice cream...
melting.
Just like me
in this conversation.
Who was that?Hannah.
What did she want?
Is something bothering you?
Did you see her recently?
Yes. Earlier. with you.
I mean. another time?
What are you trying to ask me?
Did you say anything to her?
I just thanked her for you.
You thanked her?
For her babysitting
and nannying services.
I said we were appreciative.
"We"?
Well. me. you. us. You know.
Listen... Katie.
You're a terrific person.
Really. you are. uh. but...
this... "us"...
isn't a thing.
"Isn't a thing"?
I'm sorry if I gave you
any other impression.
I understand.
Best of luck with everything.
I'm just gonna...Mm-hmm.
...take this. Thanks.
[PIANO PLAYING]
♪ Close my eyes
♪ And fall into your arms ♪
♪ 'Cause I know I'm safe
♪ Where you are
♪ And I'll be yours
So. are you sure you don't
want to come for a visit?
I do. sweetheart. but...
I'll see you next lesson. okay?Okay.
♪ And I'll hold... ♪
Bye. Bye. Rusty.
♪ When life gets hard
Nice job. kiddo.
If you want to have
better control over it.
pull the string
like Grandpa does.
Yeah. really good.
♪ Love is patient
♪ Don't lose hope
♪ My heart's waiting
♪ Winds may blow
♪ And storms might bring The rain ♪
[THUNDER ROLLING]
♪ When it's cold I know
♪ It'll be okay
♪ And I'll be yours
♪ If no one's on your side... ♪
[HENRY WHISTLING][CHUCKLES]
Dad. hey.
What are you doing here?
Just in the neighborhood.
Figured I'd pop by.
Mwah!Hi.
Hey.
Your sister tells me
you've been working
a lot lately.
I took on a couple new students.
Nothing crazy.Mm-hmm.
She also tells me you've been
a bit gloomy as of late.
I know that I'm your old man.
but I believe it was you
that said one gets wiser
with age.
Pretty sure that was Shirley.[LAUGHS]
Whoever it was. it's the truth.
Come on. what's got ya?
Pains of the heart.Ah. pains of the heart.
Yeah.
I totally misread
a relationship.
I mean. I've just never
felt so relaxed
spending time
with someone before.
And in this case.
it wasn't just him.
it was his daughter. too.
Mm.I don't know...
spending time with them
just felt right...
if that makes any sense.
And why do you think
you won't be spending time
with them again?
I will. and I have. with Parker.
who I've grown to love.
but... [SIGHS]
But you think you might have
fallen in love
with her dad. too?
I thought. or hoped.
that the feelings
would be mutual but.
I was wrong.
Have I ever told you the story
of how I met your mother?
No. actually.
Really?Yeah.
Okay. So...
when I met your mom.
I was going steady
with another girl.
Okay.
Now. your mother
had this job waitressing
at the diner down in town.
and my girlfriend
loved their chocolate shakes.
she was always dragging me
down there to get her one.
Why do I feel like this is
gonna be a really long story?
[LAUGHS] Now. this girlfriend
and I were never
the perfect fit.
Um. I knew that
from the very first date.
but she was nice enough.
and it seemed that.
because she liked me.
I should stick with it.
because I wasn't quite
as handsome back then
as I am now.
[LAUGHS] Dad.[LAUGHS]
But in all seriousness.
the instant...
I laid eyes on your mother.
and then talked with her.
well. I knew.
You knew what?
That she was the one.
The problem was
that I didn't want to hurt
anyone's feelings.
So. there I was.
taking Leslie Bingham
down to the diner
at her every request.
spending a fortune
on chocolate milkshakes...
but only so I could see
and talk with your mom.
So what happened?
What happened was I broke it
off with Leslie and...
five months later.
asked your mom to marry me.
So the moral
of the story would be?
Aw. I don't know
if there's a moral
to the story...
except...
your mother always told me
she felt...
the exact same way
during all those diner visits.
So. if you're feeling something
for Gavin McQueen...
something special...
I would bet my pretty pennies
that he is feeling
the exact same thing. too.
Are you ready yet?Almost.
Is something bothering you?
I don't know.
What's going on?
Are you in an argument
with Hannah?
Why would you think that?
I've had my lessons with her.
but she hasn't come over
recently.
Yeah. I know.
I really like Hannah. Dad.
I like the way she sings.
the way she puts me to bed
at night.
when she tells me stories
about when she was
a little girl.
But most of all.
I love how you are with her.
You smile a lot and laugh.
and it reminds me how you were
when Mom was alive...
and since she hasn't been
coming over.
you've kinda been sad again.
Come here.
You know what?What?
I love all those things
about Hannah. too.
Whatcha think?
Should we tell her
how we feel?
Come on. I've got something
to show you.
Is this for Hannah?It sure is.
MARGARET: Here they come.
Hey. you two!Oh. hey!
Bring your kite. Dad?
Did I bring my kite?
I'm a McQueen!
We always bring our kites!
One for me and one for you.
The tetrahedral kite
from when I was a kid!
What. you didn't think
I got rid of it. now. did ya?
Thanks. Dad.You're welcome.
Do you think Hannah's here yet?
Not yet. kiddo.
I'm sure she'll be here soon.
ANNOUNCER:
Welcome to Seaside's
Annual Kite Festival!
First up is the novice division.
Flyers! Find your flying ground.
That's me!JOHN: That's you!
Head over there.
it looks like a great spot.
Go get 'em. Parks!
We'll be watching from here.
Cheering you on!I love what you've done. sport.
I like your butterfly kite!
Hello!Hannah! You came!
Of course. I came. silly.
I wouldn't miss the chance
to see you compete. ever.
Have you seen my dad?Not yet.
but I'm about to compete
with him soon.
[BELL RINGING][INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Okay. you remember
what I taught you
when we first met?
Keep the line taut.That's right.
And if she starts to flounder.
you're gonna run.
and then you're gonna
pull it in. okay?
Got it!You got this!
ANNOUNCER: On your marks...
get set!
Fly!
And they're off!
[CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
Oh! Oh!
Come on.
[CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
HANNAH: Let's go. Parker!
You can do it!
MARGARET: You can do it!
GAVIN: That's it![CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
GAVIN: You're doing great!
ANNOUNCER: Oh. no!
The little boy's out!
And so is the butterfly kite
flown by the little girl!
Yes! Good job. guys!
ANNOUNCER: And the winner
of the novice division
is Parker McQueen![CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
Great job. Parker!
Dad! I can't believe
I got first!
JOHN: Good job. kiddo.
Well done. champ!ANNOUNCER: Up next.
expert flyers!
I'm up! Wish me luck.
Go!Luck!
ANNOUNCER: Come on. Gav.
Show them what you can do!
Hi.GAVIN: Hey!
I was looking for you earlier.
I had to help my dad
untangle his line.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.Parker did well.
Thanks to your training.
Oh. hey.
Look what I brought.[GAVIN GASPS]
She's brought back
the pink glasses.
Oh... yeah.
ANNOUNCER: On your marks.
get set and fly!
HANNAH: You're going down.
McQueen.
[CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
ANNOUNCER: Gavin is flying
the homemade tetrahedral kite
while Hannah is flying
a more traditional
multicolored kite.
This competition
is last man or woman standing.
so the last kite
in the air wins.
You may also notice
some familiar faces.
Each competitor today
was a winner
from previous festivals.
Yes. ladies and gentlemen.
this is the ultimate
in kite-flying competition!
And we have a kite down!
And another one!
PARKER: Can you tell
who's winning. Grandpa?
Well. it all depends
on the wind. kiddo.
Both are pretty great flyers.
so we'll just have to see.
Could be a draw.
Looks like we're losing
our audience.
HANNAH: Are you trying
to distract me right now?
No! Why would I do that?
HANNAH:
Hey. get back over there.
I like being close to you.
Whoa!
SHIRLEY: He's purposely trying
to tie her up.
Well. I should hope so.
They've been flying
for over an hour now.
ANNOUNCER: We are down
to our final two competitors!
HANNAH: Just the two of us.It's a close one.
It is.
MAN: Oh...
Oh!No. no. no! No. no!
[GAVIN GROANING][HANNAH LAUGHING]
Wait! Does that mean
I'm the winner?
ANNOUNCER: We have
a kite champion!Congratulations.
[CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]Thank you!
It's the glasses.GAVIN: Must be.
I'm so happy for you.
sweetheart.
Thanks. Dad.
Hey! Can I talk to you?
Uh. yeah.
Excuse me.Okay.
What's up?Great flying out there today.
Yeah. there's. um. good wind.You really caught some air.
Hannah. listen.
I need to apologize
for anything I said. or did.
to get between you two.
I guess you could say
I was just being jealous.
Something I need to work on.
But he is a catch. Hannah.
as are you.
And from where I'm standing.
you two are nothing short
of a perfect match.
You really think so?
I do.
ANNOUNCER: Can I get
everyone's attention. please?
Sounds like it's award time.
Should we get up there?
Yeah. Let's go.
[CROWD CHEERING. APPLAUDING]
Thank you for coming.
I hope you're enjoying
the festivities!
What a lineup we have here!
[ALL CHEER]
One thing you might notice
is that the stage is stacked
with a particular family.
so it's no wonder
that the runner-up
in the expert flying competition
is another McQueen.
Gavin McQueen. get on up here![ALL CHEER]
Whoo! Whoo!
You know. the first time I flew
in one of these festivals.
I was six years old.
My dad. the handsome chap.
most of you know behind me.
built me a tetrahedral.
This one here.
This kite is. uh...
let's just say it's pretty old.[CROWD CHUCKLING]
GAVIN: But it's more than that.
It represents the bonds
of family.
Strength. commitment. and love.
Love that has been unkept
and free...
and love that has found
its way back.
As many of you know.
I moved back here
with my daughter
after several years
of living away...
and I gotta say.
I am so happy
that we made that decision.
For many reasons.
this place is special.
our family. old friends.
this festival.
But it's become
even more special. for us.
because of new friends.
and specifically
one particular person.
The same person
who just so happens
to have beat the socks off me
in the competition today.
Hannah Adams.
I told you. See?GAVIN: Come on up here
and get this trophy.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Let's hear it
for our flyers. everyone!
[ALL CHEER]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER][MUSIC PLAYING]
All right. they're coming.
Ready?
Was a challenge getting it here.
but I'm ready.
Okay. what was so important that
you had to break up a dance?
Because this man has been
working on his moves
for ten years.Nice table! Wow.
Well. glad you like it...Yeah.
...because it's yours.
I'm sorry. what?
HANNAH: Gavin made it
for the restaurant.
Happy Anniversary. you two.
[LAUGHS] I don't know
what to say!
I know what to say. Group hug!
Or thank you!
Oh. my gosh. thank you!
HANNAH: You're so welcome.
PARKER: Incoming. incoming![ALL LAUGH]
HANNAH: What's this?It's for you.
Wait. is this...
Um. it's beautiful.Remember that quote?
"The most important thing
in kitemaking
is achieving balance.
just as it is
with human beings.
It is believed
that if the kite is made
for someone who holds
your heart..."
"Then the kite will soar
with the love that fostered
its creation."
And love most certainly
fostered this creation.
It did?
Yeah. It did.
♪ I first saw you
♪ In a crowd
Even with these glasses?
Mm. Even more
with those glasses.
♪ You turned and smiled at me
♪ And the whole world
It disappeared ♪
♪ I was in so deep ♪
♪ There's no doubt ♪
♪ And I was afraid
♪ Of loving
And not being loved ♪
♪ My heart whispered ♪
♪ "Stay"
♪ Oh. this won't be ♪
♪ Just any kind of love
♪ I'm the best kind of me ♪
♪ This isn't just
Any kind of love ♪
♪ I've never known a heart That was so kind ♪
♪ And I love ♪
♪ The dark story
You left behind ♪
♪ We bet our shadowed selves
♪ That we'd shown
To nobody else ♪
♪ And I put nothing
On the line ♪
♪ I was afraid
♪ Of messing up
With my mistakes ♪
♪ And you whispered... ♪
♪ "Stay"
♪ Oh. this won't be
♪ Just any kind of love I'm the best kind of me ♪
♪ This isn't just
Any kind of love ♪
♪ Any kind of love
[MUSIC FADES]